4. Bulk file rename- Application, file searching and sorting in a directory- Application
5. Encryption and decryption of messages- Application, by converting messages into secret code.
6. Dice rolling Simulator, currency Convertor, countdown Timer,
7. Password generator Application, weather App.
8. Database manipulations using MYSQL and Python application
9. Stock analysis and prediction of various companies using Seaborn and Matplotlib
10. Consumer compliant resolution using machine learning.
11. Twitter sentiment analysis using Deep learning.
12. Core infrastructure- company data visualization using Tableau
13. Movie recommending system- domain OTT platform using Python
Software programming projects:- 1. Skilled in Power BI for data visualization, analysis, and modelling, connecting seamlessly with PostgreSQL databases. Proficient in SQL scripting for database management and mapping relationships between tables 2. Successfully analysed 'faultsFile.csv' dataset, containing steel variations and defects. Checked for nulls, duplicates, and split data into 70% training and 30% testing sets. Applied Linear Regression (22% R2), Decision Tree (71% accuracy), and Support Vector (65% accuracy) for defect prediction. 3. Designed and implemented Arduino Uno projects encompassing LED control, sensors, solar panels, logical gates, op-amps, and more. Proficient in programming, simulation, and practical experimentation for electronic hardware systems. 4. Bulk file rename- Application, file searching and sorting in a directory- Application 5. Encryption and decryption of messages- Application, by converting messages into secret code. 6. Dice rolling Simulator, currency Convertor, countdown Timer, 7. Password generator Application, weather App. 8. Database manipulations using MYSQL and Python application 9. Stock analysis and prediction of various companies using Seaborn and Matplotlib 10. Consumer compliant resolution using machine learning. 11. Twitter sentiment analysis using Deep learning. 12. Core infrastructure- company data visualization using Tableau 13. Movie recommending system- domain OTT platform using Python
Skills: webMethods Integration Server · Alteryx · Knime
